Project 2
Dan Russotto and Will DeRivera
Team dan_and_will

To reach the milestone, we thought about each of the things that we needed to implement,
and then worked through the list until we felt that we got to a working state. We started
with the forwarding table, and then moved on to updating BPDUs, and then enabling and disabling
ports as we got more information. Our first major challenge was handling BPDUs that we sent
coming back from a LAN that the bridge was connected to on multiple ports. Another challenge we
had to deal with was packets circulating throughout the network, and had to rethink our logic
regarding when we should enable and disable ports. To debug our code, we used a mixture of print 
statements and careful examination of the output from the run scripts, looking for behavior that
seemed unexpected or incorrect, and then thought about why it was happening and how to fix it.
For each of the configuration files that was tripping up our code, we also drew out the network
topology to see what's different to narrow down why some configurations succeeded and others 
did not.

Afterwards, we used largely the same strategy following the milestone, namely drawing out the configurations
that were causing us trouble and comparing them with the configurations that we were passing,
and trying to determine what were the key differences between them. The general concept that
was causing the most problems was the enabling and disabling of ports - at first we were being 
too liberal with opening ports and allowing cycles, and then ended up with logic that was too
aggressively closing ports and ended up dropping packets. Eventually we hit a sweet spot that
maximized performance without allowing cycles.

The most challenging part of this assignment was debugging since a regular debugger was not possible,
and print statements resulted in a massive amout of output. It was really helpful at this point to
trace exclusively dropped packets through the network, and examine the behavior of bridges we knew
should handle them and see if what they did met our expectations. In the end, the key was thinking
through possible scenarios to develop robust logic to handle every situation, as opposed to adding
and removing logic ad hoc.
